Offer-Safety means At least/at most (#1275)
Agoric/documentation: main/guides/zoe/offer-safety.md

After the user escrows, they get a promise for a payout from Zoe.
This is the payout that offer safety is enforced over. The payout _must_

> be either at least what the user wanted (an event ticket in the above
> example) or a full refund of what they escrowed ($100 in this example).
> Sometimes I may even get _more_ than I asked for (e.g., an upgraded ticket
> or an additional item), but Zoe guarantees that I’ll never get less than
> what I requested or lose more than I was willing to give.

Reviewer: The last sentence is too strong. Does this make it clearer?

```suggestion
include either at least what the user wanted (an event ticket in the above
example) or a full refund of what they escrowed ($100 in this example).
Sometimes the contract will provide _more_ than I asked for (e.g., an
upgraded ticket or an additional item).

Zoe doesn't allow the contract to take any of the `give` amount from the user
unless the user receives at least their `want` amount. The contract could
also return the entire payment, along with a general admission ticket if
the requested ticket isn't available.
```
